Add the release note for 1.20.0 (#4461)
line/armeria: site/src/pages/release-notes/1.20.0.mdx

---
date: 2022-10-05
---

## 🌟 New features

> - You can now convert the GraphQL Error into an <type://HttpResponse> using <type://GraphqlErrorHandler>. #4435

Reviewer: As it is not just a conversion, I slightly prefer to use `handle` rather than `covert`.
```suggestion
- You can now handle the GraphQL Error using <type://GraphqlErrorHandler>. #4435
```

  ```java
  GraphqlErrorHandler errorHandler = new GraphqlErrorHandler() {
    @Override
    public HttpResponse handle(ServiceRequestContext ctx, ExecutionInput input,
                               ExecutionResult result, @Nullable Throwable cause) {
      final List<GraphQLError> errors = result.getErrors();
      if (errors.stream().map(GraphQLError::getMessage)
                .anyMatch(m -> m.startsWith("Unauthorized"))) {
        return HttpResponse.of(HttpStatus.UNAUTHORIZED);
      }
      ...
    }
  };
  GraphqlService.builder()
                .schemaFile(...)
                .runtimeWiring(...)

>                 .errorHandler(errorHandler)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                .errorHandler(errorHandler) // 👈👈👈
```

                .build();
  ```

- You can now easily configure client-side TLS key and certificates to support mTLS via
  <type://ClientFactoryBuilder#tls(File,File)>. #4410
  ```java
  File keyCertChainFile = ...;
  File keyFile = ...;

>   ClientFactory factory =
>     ClientFactory.builder()
>                  .tls(keyCertChainFile, keyFile)
>                  .build();
>   WebClient.builder()
>            .factory(factory)
>            .build();

Reviewer: Global comment: Should we break the line before `.builder` since we decide to use more aggressive indentation with 2 spaces for release notes. https://github.com/line/armeria/blob/26e57a871d496e7fc9e135bbf86225b74c708ab8/site/src/pages/release-notes/1.18.0.mdx#L43-L48
```suggestion
  ClientFactory factory =
    ClientFactory
      .builder()
      .tls(keyCertChainFile, keyFile)
      .build();
  WebClient
    .builder()
    .factory(factory)
    .build();
```

  ```

- gRPC HTTP/JSON transcoding endpoint can now handle both the snake case and camel case query parameters
  using <type://HttpJsonTranscodingOptions>. #4428
  ```java
  HttpJsonTranscodingOptions options =
    HttpJsonTranscodingOptions.builder()
                              // Try the original field name and camel case
                              // if it's not found via the original name.
                              .queryParamMatchRules(LOWER_CAMEL_CASE,
                                                    ORIGINAL_FIELD)
                              ...
                              .build();
  GrpcService.builder()
             .enableHttpJsonTranscoding(options)
             .build();
  ```

> - You can now use <type://StreamMessage#fromOutputStream(Consumer)> to write data to a <type://StreamMessage>.

Reviewer: How about emphasizing `OutputStream`?
```suggestion
- You can now use `OutputStream` to write data to a <type://StreamMessage> when
  using <type://StreamMessage#fromOutputStream(Consumer)>.
```

  #4402
  ```java
  StreamMessage.fromOutputStream(os -> {
    // perform blocking operation
    HttpData data0 = readDataFromBlockingDB(0);
    os.write(data0);
    HttpData data1 = readDataFromBlockingDB(1);
    os.write(data1);
    os.close();
  }
  ```

> - You can now convert an <type://AggregatedHttpRequest> to an <type://HttpRequest> with a new headers. #4441

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can now convert an <type://AggregatedHttpRequest> to an <type://HttpRequest> with new headers. #4441
```

  ```java
  AggregatedHttpRequest req = ...
  HttpRequest httpRequest = req.toHttpRequest(newHeaders);
  ```

## 📈 Improvements

- N/A

## 🛠️ Bug fixes

- <type://GraphqlService> now respects the accept header correctly. #4451
- <type://GrpcService> and <type://THttpService> no longer throw double subscription exceptions when
  the request is aggregated in a decorator. #4449

> - The content-length header is automatically removed from the <type://ResponseHeaders> for a response streaming
>   in <type://GrpcService>. #4460

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The content-length header is automatically removed from <type://ResponseHeaders> for a server streaming response
  in <type://GrpcService>. #4460
```
